Devin Rhode, JavaScript Developer
devinrhode2.github.io • (612) 440-5172 • DevinRhode2@gmail.com
Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area

JavaScript (ES6)  •  Ember.js  •  React  •  Redux  •  Browser Extensions  •  Web Scraping
Node.js  •  HTML5  •  CSS3  •  Animation  •  CSS in JS  •  Bootstrap & Foundation  •  Lodash
Git  •  Github  •  Jira  •  Documentation  •  Grunt  •  Markdown  •  Basic Ruby & Python  •  SQL
Work History
JavaScript Developer, EPAM • Apr 2016 - Jun 2016 (3 mos)
Built a simple internal app for one of EPAM’s larger clients, Google.

JavaScript Developer, Opera • Jun 2015 - Jan 2016 (8 mos)
My first project was a network injected javascript toolbar. Second project was a browser extension for a consumer app. I made a very simple mobile website with Ember.js to contain all the ui for the extension, so extension updates didn’t need to be published as often. I also helped with the Node.js backend api, supporting the android and iOS clients.

JavaScript Developer, Amobee • Apr 2013 - Aug 2013 (5 mos)
Collaborated with C Engineers on a hybrid native/web 3d ad engine. Developed 3d ads for clients, and made critical improvements to the ad language, resulting in faster development and less duplication.

Freelance & Startup projects • Since December 2010
I've written 14 chrome extensions receiving 1,000’s of downloads, worked on a number of websites, and contributed countless hours to open source,
HeyImLea.com, Built homepage for chatbot, scripted demo with ember+redux.
Scout, personal startup project. Chrome extension that streamlines searching the web. Became very knowledgeable about javascript, css, web performance optimization, framing, and scraping. https://github.com/devinrhode2/Scout
TrackIf.com, Designed and implemented bookmarklet, Chrome and Safari extensions with code-sharing and live update capabilities.
VoteBox2012.com, Worked with a designer and a developer to create this website from scratch using jQuery, PHP, Bootstrap, and Facebook Login.
HMU, Built a team and developed this social media app for connecting with friends nearby. Used PHP, MySQL, SVN, Twilio and integrated with Facebook via chrome extension.
Refactr, Developed chrome extension and bookmarklet.
Snap Speed Computer Care, Started computer repair service while I was in high school. 
Education
University of Minnesota, Duluth 2010-2011 – Focus: Computer Science, Math