Devin Rhode, JavaScript Engineer
github.com/devinrhode2 • devinrhode2.github.io • DevinRhode2@gmail.com
Location: Greater Minneapolis-St. Paul Area
Phone number: (612) 440-5172

ATS/keyword optimized resume
JavaScript: ES6, React, Redux, Browser Extensions, Node, Node.js, Ember, SSR, Derby.js, Express.js, Hapi.js, Hapi
HTML/Templating: HTML5, HTML, Handlebars.js, JSX, Mustache templating, Lit-HTML, Jade, EJS
CSS: Responsive CSS, Sass, Scss, Less, Stylus, CSS3 Animations, CSS in JS, Emotion, Emotion.js, Linaria, CSS custom properties, css variables, Styled-Components, Bootstrap, Foundation, Web Scraping
Webpack 1, Webpack 2, Webpack 3, Webpack 4, Babel, Create-React-App, Craco, Gulp, Grunt, Git Hooks, Husky, Prettier, ESLint, airbnb-eslint, airbnb-typescript, Accessibility
Http Proxies, Cookies, Cors
Markdown, Git, Github, Gitlab, Jira, Asana, Basic Ruby, Basic Python, Basic Bash, Basic SQL

OLD OLD
Expert Skills: (references not needed)
     Javascript  •  Ember+Ember-CLI  •  Browser extensions  •  HTML5  •  Site framing with and w/o iframes  •  CSS3  •  Animation  •  Markdown  •  Documentation  •  Git  •  jQuery
Solid Skills: (references needed sparingly)
     Angular  •  Grunt  •  JSHint  •  Node.js+Express+Hapi  •  LESS+Bootstrap+Foundation+SASS+Stylus  •  Ruby

"Expert" Skills: very little or no reference needed
●	Browser extension api's and bookmarklets
●	HTML/HTML5, especially iframes and localStorage
●	CSS/CSS3, especially advanced selectors and transitions
●	Markdown, Jade, Stylus
"Solid" Skills: will need documentation in1termittenly
●	Ember (and all it's goodies), Angular
●	Grunt, JSHint
●	Node.js/Express
●	PHP, Wordpress
●	LESS, Bootstrap, Foundation
Currently studying: Ember, Ember-cli, Ruby, Rails, human relations, psychology


Work History
Best Buy • Mar 2020 - Jun 2020
- Learned frontend GVP (Global View Platform) architecture based on React, Redux, Reselect, Node, Express, SSR, Akamai, ESI, Live-Config (internal tool), and internal analytics library.
- Worked with component-centric/multi-repo/npm
- Learned Unit testing with Jest, Cypress, Istanbul, and visual regression testing with Backstop.js.
- Developed Cypress integration tests against HTML5 canvas tags (bing maps).
- Developed strategy for managing bing maps api keys for bestbuy.com.
- Created proposals for managing cookies across multiple separate pages on bestbuy.com (One using ES6 Proxies)
- Diagnosed+patched bug in fetch polyfill affecting iOS 11+10, causing the users store to get incorrectly overwritten with geolocation.
- Created proposal for improving PR workflow by improving guidelines for when to use git rebase and when to not use git rebase
- Learned how to turn a directory of a monorepo into it's own git repo, while retaining just the commits that affect that folder
- Learned how to combine multiple git repos into one, while retaining history

Robert Half • Feb 2017 - Jan 2020
BIWorldwide: Jan 2019 - Jan 2020:
 - Worked on several apps with BI's Custom CMS, Q360. Incrementally upgraded the CMS, averaged 50 hours per week.
 - Upgraded from React 15 to 16.8+/latest
 - Upgraded build setup from Webpack 1 + Gulp to Webpack 2, then Webpack 3, and finally Create-React-App + Craco(Webpack 4 wrapper).
 - Researched automated testing strategies and tools
 - Researched CMS architectures (PS Wagtail is awesome!)
 - Built node http proxy to allow us to connect our local dev server to any backend, allowing us to check our code  - running in production.
 - Mastered git submodules, and npm scripts, but migrated to classic monorepo.
 - Began typescript migration.
 - Created language debug mode to find hardcoded english.
 - Created versioning system for frontend, allowing us to check the console for exactly what version is deployed at that time in that browser and match it back to a git tag. 
 - Setup Sentry.js error dashboard

Allen Interactions: Nov 2018 - Dec 2018: Created learning experiences with heavy animations, CSS3/HTML5/vanilla JS.

Alliance Laundry Systems: Nov 2017 - Oct 2018: Worked on ember-frontend of laundromat management app, with
emphasis on re-writing washer/dryer programming interface. Setup sentry.js error dashboard.

EPAM • Apr 2016 - Jun 2016
Built a simple internal app for one of EPAM’s larger clients, Google.


Opera • Jun 2015 - Jan 2016
Originally brought in for a short project for 3 months. My contract was extended to work on a browser extension for a new consumer app. All UI for this extension was contained in a separate ember app, which was effectively a standard mobile site, so the extension code almost never needed updates. Helped with Node rest api built with express.


2014, I spent traveling, studying Ember.js, ruby and vim.



Amobee • Apr 2013 - Aug 2013
Helped with js side of hybrid native+web 3d ad engine. Upgraded ad markup language from XML to Jade templating

Collaborated with C Engineers on a hybrid native/web 3d ad engine.
Developed 3d ads for clients, and made critical improvements to the ad
language, resulting in faster development and less duplication.

My javascript expertise was brought in to compliment the C and graphics expertise for Amobee's hybrid native/web Ad SDK known as Pulse 3D. I made some critical improvements to the ad
language, resulting in faster development and less code duplication.

Amobee was a great experience for me.
I had a great manager Aneesh Karve and good co-workers
but I think the compensation was not matched for my performance,
and after a few months Aneesh knew he had to push me harder
but I refused to work more than 40 hours a week. I regret that.
I didn't know how to cope and perform better.
I didn't know how to manage expectations under pressure.
The relationship busted, and I quit.

During my time at Amobee I developed ads in a proprietary ad xml language,
and created development tools for abstracting and dynamically using chunks of xml.
I prototyped it with ejs and then started the official watcher in jade.


    Winter 2013: TrackIf • 2 months • Made a bookmarklet, Safari, and Chrome extensions from the same set of javascript.

      Worked on TraceKit.js

      Created tweet bar

    Fall 2012: Vote Box • 2.5 months • Made a voting site using jQuery, bootstrap, php, and Facebook login.

    Summer 2012: Launched Scout, started focusing on open source instead of another project

    Winter 2012: Continued Freelancing in California
        Notably, I made Molly-m-augustin.com for a friend, a facebook chrome extension for Thred.in, and a LinkedIn chrome extension for SuccessFactors.com.


    Fall 2011: Started at Refactr
        I spent most of my time making a chrome extension for their product MileMarker.

    Late Summer 2011: Started Scout, 10 month startup project
        HitMeUp was fun, but after finals, I was the only one still coding. I integrated HitMeUp directly into Facebook with a chrome extension, but a social network is probably too much work for one person. I switched focus to my original search project under a new name, Scout. Screenshot of scout


    Summer 2011: Started Freelancing Full-time
        My first paid project was a wordpress ecommerce site, the second was another php gig.

    Spring 2011: Started HitMeUp, 7 month startup project
        I was very inspired by The Social Network and disappointed with Foursquare's ability to connect me with friends nearby, so I built a team and we created a social network to do exactly that. We used PHP/MySQL, SVN, and Twillio for SMS.

    Fall 2010: Started CS at University of Minnesota Duluth
        After learning to code fall term, I spent all winter break figuring out how to make Google faster and more streamlined. (Screenshots from sweet search videos)

    High School:
        After delivering papers and working at McDonalds for a few years, I started a computer repair service. Through tutoring at school and assisting seniors with their computers I became very passionate about usability. Boy Scouts and other youth groups showed me I'm a natural leader.

Github highlights:
     •  Tweet-bar, Tweet from the omnibar in chrome
     •  extendFunction.js, Easily overwrite functions with additional functionality


Freelance & Startup projects • Since December 2010
  I've written 14 chrome extensions receiving 1,000’s of downloads in total.
  • HeyImLea.com,Builthomepageforchatbot,scripteddemowithember+redux. • Scout,personalstartupproject.Learnedjavascript,css,webperformance,
  iframes, and scraping. https://github.com/devinrhode2/Scout
  • HMU,Builtteamincollege,developedappforconnectingwithfriendsnearby. Used SMS with twilio, and PHP on the backend. jQuery on the frontend.

Education
  University of Minnesota, Duluth 2010-2011 – Focus: Computer Science, Math

Recommendations:
  "I hired Devin to code a chrome extension that had a Facebook SDK integration component, and some non trivial script injection dependencies. Devin powered through the project in record time, and had a good sense for design and usability while doing the trickier coding parts. He is one of the most talented young coders I've ever met."
— Sergey Lossev, client
 "Devin has been a very significant contributor"
— Linda Hass, Opera
 "Devin is a very rare type of person. He is the type of student who doesn't look for the grade in a class, but the experience and being able to take something away from it to apply in life."
— Ehsan Angadjivand,
classmate
  